Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2019-05-31T10:19:57+01:00

====== Rorscharch Abduction ======
Created Friday 31 May 2019

Travelling along a forest road with a cow or other innocuous escortable (e.g. child, article of luggage), a gang of goblins ambushes the party with the intent of abducting or stealing the escorted entity. 

The party should be delayed from pursuing for a period on the order of minutes. To do this a easy - medium fight between a remainder of the ambush should ensue.

Following the tracks of the entity and it's captors, the party should feel the ground beneath their feet begin to squelch as they move into muddy ground and reach the edge of a marshy lake, thick with insects. 

Looking down the shore line they can see bodies scattered amongst the bull rushes and Bullywugs moving amongst them. Carrion birds are circling.

As the party approach they can discover that the goblin party was ambushed by bullywugs, who won but suffered some casualties themselves, carrying their wounded into the water. They have in turn stolen the escorted entity and taken it further down the shore out of sight. 

Further down the shore, there is a rocky outcropping jutting out from the forest and towards the lake, not quite reaching the water. The tracks lead past and around. If investigated the party can discover a cave that is filled with goblin supplies (sleeping mats, provisions, a camp fire, the remains of a butchered goat. Small treasure). 

As the party rounds the corner they can hear the sound of birds fighting, however when they come into sight they find the site of a battle, where the bullywug escort was ambushed by harpies, who appear to have carried  the escortable up the cliff, possibly in a team with the use of a sling. 

The party can either try and climb the cliff or find their way up a gentler approach through the forest. A perception check may reveal a goat path. 

At the top of the outcropping the party find the nests of a colony of harpies in the walls of the cliff, the harpies have been thoroughly wiped out, lying in crumpled and unnatural postures.

//(Treasure loot, majority shiny tat but some genuine valuables)//

Large footprints of a creature that has evidently claimed the harpies' prize descend towards the forest. (If the party ascended from the forest, the path taken leads away from them via a different route)

Successfully following the tracks leads the party to a clearing where an Ettin lies dead. The body has some scratches from the harpies, but appears to have no severe wounds. The escorted entity is sitting happily in the clearing and, if it is sentient, seems placidly pleased to see the party. 



 
 



